Today we're showing you how to properly assemble
the THR family of Aluminum Threshold Ramps.
The only tool required is a Phillips head
screwdriver.
Depending on which model of the THR ramps
you have, your parts will vary; namely the
number of RAMP EXTENSIONS, SUPPORT FEET and
SELF TAPPING SCREWS.
Start with a RAMP EXTENSION and the shortest
SUPPORT FOOT.
Align the opening on the bottom of the RAMP
EXTENSION with the top of the SUPPORT FOOT.
Slide the SUPPORT FOOT into the opening on
the bottom of the RAMP EXTENSION.
Align both screw holes in the SUPPORT FOOT
with both screw holes in the RAMP EXTENSION.
Use SELF TAPPING SCREWS to secure it in place.
Next take the BOTTOM SECTION and align the
opening with the RAMP EXTENSION.
Slide the RAMP EXTENSION into the opening
on the BOTTOM SECTION.
Secure in place with a SELF TAPPING SCREW.
Repeat the previous steps for all included
RAMP EXTENSIONS and SUPPORT FEET. Make sure
the SUPPORT FEET are in order from shortest
to tallest.
Lastly, to attach the ADJUSTABLE TOP FLAP,
align the ADJUSTABLE TOP FLAP with the end
of the highest RAMP EXTENSION. Slide the ADJUSTABLE TOP FLAP through until the screw holes align.
Use a SELF TAPPING SCREW to secure it in place.
The ADJUSTABLE TOP FLAP will still move freely but will not slide out.
Thank you for watching this demonstration
video on how to properly assemble the Aluminum
Threshold Ramps from DiscountRamps.com.